feat(icon): add `<rh-icon>` (#1732)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: elements/rh-icon/README.md

# Icon
Icons represents general concepts and can support text as a decorative element.

> The icon element, <rh-icon>, is a container that allows users to add icons of varying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<rh-icon>` element allows content and experience authors to add Red Hat icons of varying
```

dimensions in the same area without shifting surrounding content.

## Usage

- When you want to supplement the meaning of text with a visual element

> - When you need to represent a UI function with an easily recognizable icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you need to represent a UI function with an approved Red Hat icon
```
